# password_generator

Introduction to password generator

A random password generator is software program or 
hardware device that takes input from a random or 
pseudo-random number generator and automatically 
generates a password. Random passwords can be 
generated manually, using simple sources of randomness 
such as dice or coins, or they can be generated by using 
a computer.

python modules

Python interface to Tcl/Tk
Pip install Tkinter
Pip install number
Pip install string 
Python -m pip install --upgrade pip
Python -m pip install --update pip

How to use password manager
1. Check necessary module.
2. Run the setup
3. Fill out the details
4. Click on generate button.
5. click on save
6. Done

Why using of password manager
A password manager promises both security and 
convenience.
you're free to give all your online sites and 
services strong, unique passwords without 
needing to memorize them all. All you need to 
remember is a single password to unlock 
the password manager.
Most importantly, all leading password 
managers use a technique called "zero 
knowledge."


Zero-knowledge
Zero-knowledge encryption also known as private encryption is a type of security where cloud storage providers never store your login credentials in their servers. 
In other words, they can never find out your password. It is one of the ultimate ways to keep your data private.

Day to day life using of password 
manager
Password managers generate unique, 
complex passwords for every site, 
store them securely and enter them 
on different browsers and computing 
devices. You can use them as browser 
extensions or mobile apps that fill 
out login pages with your username 
and password for you.
